[Music]
it's time for another great quiz today
we'll find out how popular are you okay
game show guide that's enough
thanks hey no problem
look popularity is a tricky concept
since you can never be sure how often
other people talk or think about when
you're not around you're ready to find
out how popular you really are
this test will definitely help you out
with that and for more fun quizzes like
this one don't forget to hit that
subscribe button and click the
notification bell to join us on the
bright side now all you got to do is
choose a B or C for the following ten
questions you'll get a certain amount of
points depending on which option you
choose answer honestly and grab a pen
and paper to keep track of your points
you'll need this tally for your results
at the end all right now let's get this
thing going question number one how many
friends do you have
a just one or two really close ones B
I'd have to say at least a handful of
good friends see too many to count if
you choose a write down five points B is
10 points and C is worth 15 question
number 2 when you're in a group you're
usually the one who a talks a lot and
makes everybody laugh B throws in some
witty remarks from time to time C
listens carefully and observes everyone
around
if litter a describes you perfectly
write down 15 points option B will give
you a solid ten points and C brings you
five points question number three it's
Friday night
what are you doing a having a sleepover
with a couple of my besties be partying
it up C probably at home reading or
binge watching my favorite TV show
now if a is more like you add 10 points
to your score if B is your go-to give
yourself 15 points and if you went for C
you get 5 points question number 4
what's the one item you can't imagine
your life without a my phone for sure my
whole life's in there B my computer it's
just so darn useful C my headphones
what's a life without music if your
choice is a here's your 15 points for B
award yourself a 10 points and C gives
you 5 more points question number 5 do
you prefer working alone or with a team
a hmm definitely alone I have my own
vision and only I can make it happen B
yeah I can work either way to be honest
see I prefer having a team around it's
way more fun and productive
if you chose a you get five points for
this one B gives you ten points and for
choosing C add 15 more points to your
tally question number six what career
would you like to pursue a a
photographer designer or director I want
a job that allows me to use my
creativity be an actor singer or model I
want to be in the limelight see a doctor
teacher or business owner nothing out of
the ordinary for me plays if you chose a
at five points to your score B equals 15
and C will get you ten points this time
question number seven is it hard for you
to meet new people a not at all I can
chat it up with pretty much anyone I
mean B yeah I can be pretty shy at first
but after I get to know someone I'm my
usual quirky self C I really don't like
socializing I'd rather keep myself
company
[Music]
if you chose a at 15 points if B sounded
like you write down 10 points
as for C it's worth 5 points question
number 8
your crush finally asked you out on a
date how do you feel a well I'm
definitely happy but incredibly nervous
at the same time be really I think they
probably mistook me for somebody else
C oh I'm so excited we're gonna have the
best time ever
if you picked a had 10 points to your
score B brings you five points this time
and C is worth 15 question 9 how would
you describe yourself a I'm shy
thoughtful and creative B I'd say
laid-back honest and friendly C well I'm
pretty outgoing charismatic and always
ready for a good time
[Music]
if a sounds like you give yourself five
points B brings you ten points and C
will add 15 points to your score
question number 10 what's the most
important thing in life for you
a to surround myself with great people
who adore me B to express myself and
accomplish my goals C to help others and
just be myself you can replace a with 15
points B with five points and C with 10
points now take your two index fingers
place them just on the tabletop and
please give us a drumroll it's time for
the big moment your results okay you can
stop now if your total score is between
50 and 85 points you're not very popular
at least not right now but it's only
because you don't really want to be
you're very smart
thoughtful and independent you're a
natural-born leader
who doesn't let others decide who you're
gonna be and how you're gonna act as a
result you have this aura of mystery
around you that generally attracts
people but your lack of a desire to
communicate often pushes them away
you're content in your cozy little
bubble but you may sometimes feel sad
and misunderstood so perhaps it's time
to get out of your comfort zone and try
to be more open with others trust me
people will love your awesome and unique
personality try to find a healthy
balance between being a happy introvert
yet still being open to new
opportunities and acquaintances now if
you got 90 to 125 points you're right in
the golden middle your laid-back quite
confident friendly and very caring plus
you can find common ground with
pretty much everybody even though the
ones in the popular crowd aren't exactly
your closest friends we still enjoy your
company and think that you're just
awesome to be around cool rebels who
couldn't care less about popularity love
you too they see you as a kind and
intelligent person that's why you have
all different kinds of acquaintances and
you don't really belong to a particular
clique but having a huge circle of
friends isn't even your priority all you
need is your type group of besties who
will never leave your side and I gotta
say they're pretty lucky to have you too
you can easily lift them up give great
advice and provide a shoulder to cry on
so just keep on doing you because you
really do have the best of both worlds
if your final score is 130 to 150 points
congratulations you're the epitome of
popularity your easygoing fun and
talkative as they say whoever they are
the world is your oyster and you'll
never clam up you're ready to live this
life to the fullest that's why you won't
ever be found at home on a Friday night
you're out and about with your chums at
concerts parties restaurants you name it
you enjoy being the center of attention
and living every day like it's the last
however you may sometimes take this
popularity game a bit too seriously and
even change yourself to be more
appealing to others you often confuse
attention with love and try to do
everything you can to make others fall
for you instantly as a result other
people's opinions may take a toll on you
and your decisions from time to time if
this sounds a lot like what you're going
through take a break from constant
socializing I tried to spend some time
with yourself maybe it's time to do some
soul-searching to become more authentic
yes life is an adventure but there's
nothing more thrilling than discovering
your truth
so what were your results let us know
down in the comments remember to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life